Further improve linux and raspberry docs (#22)
mysteriumnetwork/documentation: content/user-guide/index.md

## Introduction 

> Mysterium node comes with a built-in command line tools 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mysterium node comes with a built-in command line interface [CLI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command-line_interface)
```

Reviewer: Bu then again I have some doubts about calling it a CLI

Author: Thing it we got sort of two ways to interact with node `cli` or `account/connection` commands. So we should probably describe something like that in here aswell.
